#labels Phase-Requirements
= Details =
Goals of the project:
  * To provide an interface that is modular to provide support for any RPG.
  * To provide a chat system so that logs can be recorded and kept on file.
  * To provide a dice roller so that all the player's and Dungon Master's (DM) roles are fair.
  * To provide the DM total access to interplayer communication.
  * To store stat sheets of players that can be edited by the DM.
  * To provide the DM with a way to create and edit a map.
  * To allow the DM to display a map to players either in sections or its entirety.

----

=Basic Requirements=

==Maps==

  * Sectioned
  * Linking
  * Free Draw / Grid (snap) Draw
  * Grid Overlay (square and hex)
  * Player/NPC/Special (i.e. traps, items, etc.) Tiles show on map
  * Charecter Movement

==Communication==

  * Global Chat
  * Player to player chat (/wisper)
  * DM sees all chat
  * Dice roll (/roll) and player dice roll entered (/rolled)
  * Use of /me
  * DM command to att to log but unseen from players (/log or /note)

==Modularity==

  * Dynamically generated interface
  * Dynamic storage
    * Map
    * Charecters
      * Position on map
      * Stats
  * Module
    * Statistics
    * Skills
    * Inventory Style - how they can carry (i.e. item number, weight, etc.)
    * Attributes (chatecter info i.e. name, picture, etc.)
    * Combat Style (predefined)
      # Role inititive every round
      # Role inititive every combat
      # Inititive on charecter sheet
      # Random assignment
      # DM's disgression

==Statistics Tracking==

 * Charecter Sheets
 * Save/load sessions
 * Editable by the DM
 * DM approval on player changes
 * Live change tracking of players by DM
 * Export to .pdf file

----

=Glossary=
Dungeon Master (DM) - The person (running a copy of the software and acting in a DM role) responsible for leading a game. Also referred to as God, Overlord, root, or other respected or religious titles.

Role Playing Game (RPG) - A game in which players take (arguably) imaginary roles as characters in a fictional environment and scenario, involving personal progression in either statistics, abilities, or plot, and which is led by a DM who guides the players through the environment by providing motivation and continual challenges for the players, resolving disputes, and promoting a fun environment.

Chatgroup - Technical term; the grouping that players are placed into for the control of permissions related to administration of the chat system.

Module - Role playing game system such as Dungons and Dragons, Dr. Who, Star Wars, Inquisitor, etc.