#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Introduction =

The program serves to host data, statistics, and as an interface for Role Playing Games (RPGs) such as Dungeons and Dragons, Star Wars, Paranoia XP, and the Dr. Who RPG.


= Details =

Goals of the project:
  * To provide an interface that is modular to provide support for any RPG.
  * To provide a chat system so that logs can be recorded and kept on file.
  * To provide a dice roller so that all the player's and Dungon Master's (DM) roles are fair.
  * To provide the DM total access to interplayer communication.
  * To store stat sheets of players that can be edited by the DM.
  * To provide the DM with a way to create and edit a map.
  * To allow the DM to display a map to players either in sections or its entirety.


=Glossary=
Dungeon Master (DM) - The person (running a copy of the software and acting in a DM role) responsible for leading a game. Also referred to as God, Overlord, root, or other respected or religious titles.

Role Playing Game (RPG) - A game in which players take (arguably) imaginary roles as characters in a fictional environment and scenario, involving personal progression in either statistics, abilities, or plot, and which is led by a DM who guides the players through the environment by providing motivation and continual challenges for the players, resolving disputes, and promoting a fun environment.

Chatgroup - Technical term; the grouping that players are placed into for the control of permissions related to administration of the chat system.